feat!: 6 new commands to toggle text between `PascalCase`, `camelCase`, `snake_case`, `Title Case`,  `kebab-case` and `Sentence case` (#12043)
helix-editor/helix: book/src/keymap.md

| `k`   | Move up textual (instead of visual) line         | `move_line_up`             |
| `w`   | Show labels at each word and select the word that belongs to the entered labels | `goto_word` |

#### Case mode

Accessed by typing ` ` ` in [normal mode](#normal-mode).

> Various functions for changing case of text in different ways.

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
Various commands for changing the case of text in different ways.
```
